This is a very massive undertaking seeing i have not coded a single line since VB 3......
The Idea for this project is to take the idea of CMSswitcher (https://github.com/emerzon/cmswitcher) which is
a very lightweight script to benchmark and run miners based off YIMP pool API for maximizing profit.
And While keeping it as lightweight as possible adding certain aspects of
RainbowMiner (https://github.com/RainbowMiner/RainbowMiner)

Now both of those work fine, however the goal of this project is to Utilize Python and ADB to take the best of the 
2 projects mentioned earlier and create a Lightweight,effecient Control Panel to which setup and use Phones for Mining.
Now unlike both Projects the Idea here is for a entirely seperate Server/Client setup. RBM installs and runs
powershell and everything that goes with it. Idea here is for one Device wither it be a PC, or phone or a PI to run
manage and pass along instructions only to phones after the initial install. The idea is to use the least amount
of resources on the phones to maximize mining profits.

I will also be toying and playing with a idea i have been going back and forth with on how we consider profits in
mining terms. Normally our profits are based off the value of what we are mining i.e  gaining 10 coins/token worth 
.02 cents each gives us .20 cents. but if we stick to just the main coins/tokens that we are not going to rug pull,
die out whatever the reason for the coin failing. We take and utilize lows in prices to maximize coin aquiring for
later price increases. Thinking less about todays profit, and utilizing historic data to use this not to much for
maximizing just profit but for aquiring of as many coins/tokens as possible with the least amount of effort.

Using the above example if today i mine DOGE at .12 cents and i manage to aquire 2 DOGE today i have made a profit
of .24 cents(not counting electricity cost's obviously). But If i see that say SHIB or RTM or even LTC is at a low
price for the day,while DOGE is at a pretty steady cost. I may be able to utilize the low in LTC to aquire a higher
portion at a hopefully in future higher profit return. Mind you All of this only works in Coins/tokens that are
fairly established, youd need the historical data i.e prices for the last 30 days for example for this to work.